source:
http://www.lmi.is/
National Land Survey of Iceland
Based on data from National Land Survey of Iceland


license:

http://www.lmi.is/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/licenceNLSI.pdf

Landmælingar Íslands ? Stillholti 16-18, 300 Akranes
kt. 710169-3309 ? sími: 430 9000 ? lmi@lmi.is ? www.lmi.is
Licence, according to article 31 of Act on Information no. 140/2012
and Act on Surveying and Base Mapping no. 103/2006,
for National Land Survey of Iceland free data
The Open Government Licence was taken into account in the revision of this licence
http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/
You are encouraged to use and re-use the Information that is available under this licence, with the following conditions and
according to appendix 1.
Using Information under this licence.
Use of copyright and database right material expressly made available under this licence (the ‘Information’) indicates your
acceptance of the terms and conditions below.
The National Land Survey of Iceland grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive licence to use the
Information subject to the conditions below.
This licence does not affect your freedom according to chapter 2 of copyright law no. 73/1972.
You are free to:
? copy, publish, distribute and transmit the Information;
? adapt the Information;
? exploit the Information commercially and non-commercially for example, by combining it with other
Information, or by including it in your own product or application.
You must, where you do any of the above:
? acknowledge the source of the Information being from the National Land Survey of Iceland with the following
text: Based on data from National Land Survey of Iceland and, where possible, provide a link to this licence;
Make sure that:
• you do not use your information in a manner to give the impression that you are in a public position or the
information provider agrees you especially as a user or your use of the information;
• you do not mislead others or publish information or notify of its origins in misleading or incorrect manner;
• Your use of the information doesn’t conflict with privacy laws and use of personal information no. 77/2000 or
Article 6 of Information Act.
These are important conditions of this licence and if you fail to comply with them the rights granted to you under this
licence, or any similar licence granted by the Licensor, will end automatically.
Exemptions.
This licence does not cover:
? personal data in the Information;
? departmental or public sector organisation logos except where they form an integral part of a document or dataset;
? third party rights that National Land Survey of Iceland is not authorised to license; 
Landmælingar Íslands ? Stillholti 16-18, 300 Akranes
kt. 710169-3309 ? sími: 430 9000 ? lmi@lmi.is ? www.lmi.is
Non warranty.
National Land Survey of Iceland excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in
relation to the Information to the maximum extent permitted by law.
National Land Survey of Iceland is not liable for any errors or omissions in the Information and shall not be liable for any
loss, injury or damage of any kind caused by its use. National Land Survey of Iceland does not guarantee the continued
supply of the Information.
Governing Law.
This licence is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Information Provider has its principal place of
business, unless otherwise specified by the Information Provider.
Definitions.
In this licence, the terms below have the following meanings:
‘Information’
means information protected by copyright or by database right (for example, literary and artistic works, content, data and
source code) offered for use under the terms of this licence.
‘Use’
as a verb, means doing any act which is restricted by copyright or database right, whether in the original medium or in any
other medium, and includes without limitation distributing, copying, adapting, modifying as may be technically necessary
to use it in a different mode or format.
‘You’
means the natural or legal person, or body of persons corporate or incorporate, acquiring rights under this licence.
National Land Survey of Iceland, 10 September 2013.
Appendix 1.
As a result of the Icelandic government‘s focus to prevent illegal off-road driving and to restrict or prevent traffic in certain
areas of the country, then NLSI wants to take notice of that the users of the data that has been delivered are responsible for
monitoring if and when roads and trails are closed temporarily or permanently to public traffic. Such government measures
reach further than information on roads and tracks that are in the NLSI databases at any time.